---
title: '1. Collect user information'
layout: default
nav_order: 1
parent: 'Lab 2: Deploy applications to Azure Container Apps'
---

# Collect user information

Before performing any additional actions, you'll need to store your user info as an environment variable that you can use in subsequent steps. 

{: .note }
We already collected your subscription information as part of the [preparing your subscription]({% link install.md %}#configure-your-subscription-and-deploy-prerequisite-azure-resources) instructions. Make sure you've completed this process and and any other [installation steps]({% link install.md %}) are complete before proceeding.

## Step-by-step guidance

{: .note }
We'll be using Bash commands to complete this lab. You can use any compatible command-line environment, such as the Windows Subsystem for Linux, Git Bash, or the Visual Studio Code Bash terminal. To avoid potential errors, **do not** run these commands in a PowerShell session.

1.  Collect your user info, and then store it for future use.
    - Store your username in an environment variable:

    ```bash
    export USER_NAME=$(az account show --query user.name --output tsv)
    echo $USER_NAME
    ```

    - Retrieve the user object ID:

    ```bash
    az ad signed-in-user show --query id --output tsv
    ```

    {: .note }
    > If you receive an error, such as “AADSTS530003: Your device is required to be managed to access this resource,” use one of the following options to manually collect the user object ID:
    >
    >- If you’re using a device managed by your organization, open a command-line environment and run the command `az ad signed-in-user show --query id --output tsv`.
    >
    >- Otherwise, in the [Azure portal](http://portal.azure.com/), open [Microsoft Entra ID](https://ms.portal.azure.com/#view/Microsoft_AAD_IAM/ActiveDirectoryMenuBlade/~/Overview). In the `Search` box of the Overview page, enter the username that you just collected. In the search results, select the user and then locate the user Object ID.

    - After you get your user object ID, store it as an environment variable for later use:

     ```bash
     export AAD_USER_ID=<user-object-id>
     ```
